[WHOOSH]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Wise woman in sage.
It's our good fortune to have
Barbara Hand Clow back with us.
In today's conversation, we're
going to take a step back
and glimpse into the
foundational cosmic influences
that have created the
polarization and intransigence
of today's mass mindset.
How many of us have actually
said, are we going crazy?
Barbara has some
answers to that and why.
Barbara, it's so good
to see you again.
>>BARBARA HAND CLOW: It's
wonderful to be back.
>>REGINA: We've had so
many good conversations.
We just did a little
Facebook Live thing together,
so some of you may
have seen that.
>>CLOW: That was
kind of fun, yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
kind of going over
some of our favorite
interviews together.
And we both agreed we loved "The
Alchemy of Nine Dimensions,"
which we shot in your
personal library.
So for whoever
has not seen that,
go back and take a look at it.
Meanwhile, today, we're
going to be focusing
on the work of
another book called
"Awakening of the Planetary
Mind," written in 2011.
We chose to go back
to that for a reason.
And first, explain to us why
that body of work at that time
has such a pronounced
message for this time.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
Actually, it came out in
2001 as "Catastrophobia"--
>>REGINA: And rewritten.
>>CLOW: --which means
fear of catastrophe.
The reason I bring this
up is because, of course,
the book was issued
in September 11, 2001.
And so the book
initially flopped.
But then, about six
months after people
got over the cataclysm of
that moment in time, then
the book did well.
And then I revised it in
to 2011 because so much
has happened in archaeology
and advanced studies
since the initial--
>>REGINA: So many
discoveries over that decade.
>>CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And even intervening
evidence since then, from 2011
to now.
>>CLOW: What it enabled me to
do is, in the 2001 edition,
I had to say "if
it is true, then."
And by the time I
got to 2011, most
of the things that I had
discussed had been proven.
And so it covers the last 20,000
years of human consciousness--
even the last 100,000 years.
And it focuses on a
series of cataclysms
and of disasters that have
affected our consciousness,
affected our hearts.
>>REGINA: I think it's
very important that people
are aware and keep in mind that
we are a traumatized species.
And this doesn't matter where
in the world you're from.
These cataclysmic
events have affected
all regions of the world,
all civilizations, all
people of the world.
We are traumatized species.
Because it's not
just the epigenetics
of 10 or 15 generations.
In our cells, we
fear for our lives
when we feel certain
influences happening.
And so that's a good
jumping-off place to go into it.
Because first of all,
what you're saying
is the great deluge was the
last really big mass trauma,
global trauma.
>>CLOW: Yeah, the cataclysm
about 11,500 years ago
was not only the last
and most recent one
but also, it was the most
profound one, probably,
in the history of Earth.
Because the Earth
was almost destroyed.
It's not just an issue
of the Earth itself.
It's an issue of
the solar system.
And so now, we're at
the opposite point
to that moment in
time, and we're
having a resurgence of
ancient memory related
to these cataclysms.
>>REGINA: When you say we're
at the opposite point, what
do you mean, like halfway
through the precession?
>>CLOW: That means
the precession
of the equinoxes, yeah, the
26,000 year precessional cycle,
which is the main influence on
the change in human cultures
on our planet.
So now that we've come
to the opposite point,
it's like the full
moon, where we're
having an explosion of inner
consciousness of these events.
But we don't know
what's causing it.
Most people are just feeling
tremendous inner turmoil.
And they think it's
outside politics.
And certainly, outside politics
have a huge affect on us,
of course.
>>REGINA: Well, they're
a reflection of it.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
It's a reflection of it.
So everybody in
the political arena
is being affected by this
level of catastrophobia,
as well as us, as individuals.
And so, in my case,
I'm part Cherokee
and have had an indigenous
training as a child.
And I was taught that
unless we recover our story,
we will not survive--
the actual story of our species.
And this is a really
interesting issue at this point.
And I'm going to bring up
something for just a moment
that I didn't stress
in "Awakening,"
or "Catastrophobia."
>>REGINA: Please.
>>CLOW: Because I felt
that it was too scary
and was an unwise idea.
But at this point, this
particular issue is now,
basically, something
that's understood
by people, which is
we are in the middle
of a mass extinction.
And we've had a series of
mass extinctions over millions
and millions of years.
And with each mass
extinction, what happened
was a whole new level
of evolution started.
And so we're in the middle
of a mass extinction
right now, which was
too scary to talk about.
But at this point,
everybody knows it.
And so now we can bring
that into the dialogue.
The reason it's important
is a mass extinction
is always a clearing away of
old issues and old species.
And a new species comes in.
And I think that the new species
will be enlightened humans.
I do not think we
will survive if we
don't raise our consciousness
and remember our story.
And that's the whole
point of "Awakening."
>>REGINA: Yes.
One thing your book talks about
is how it was so devastating,
this last event, roughly
11,500, 11,600 years ago
that it actually knocked
the Earth off its axis.
And the reason I
bring that up is
because, somewhere
in our consciousness,
also, were times that people
see as idyllic, as Eden,
so to speak, as a type of
Eden, where there was plenty.
We all have this, at
least in our imagination,
of this realm where
food was plenty,
the weather was perfect,
the Earth was verdant.
And we all have this idealized
image of Earth and life
in our mind somewhere.
Did that come from a
time before the Earth
was knocked off its axis?
>>CLOW: I think so and one
of the things that I cover
in the book is the question
of whether perception actually
started 11,000 or
12,000 years ago.
And I'm not sure about that.
But I do know that if you go
back to 15,000, 16,000, 17,000,
18,000 years ago, we do have
an idyllic Eden on this planet.
And this is actually coming
from other issues that are not
covered in "Catastrophobia."
This is actually
coming from some cycles
that Andrew Collins
talks about, which
is the issue of the Altai
civilization in Mongolia
and a very high level
of consciousness
on this planet about
17,000 years ago.
So since that
whole idea came up,
since I wrote the two books, I'm
exploring that in my trilogy.
Because it's such an
interesting, fascinating idea
of what is Eden?
What were we like?
What were we in touch with?
And the only way I could
do that was in fiction.
So my characters are
exploring the issue of Eden
in the Revelations trilogy.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It's very interesting.
It's fascinating.
And so because it's within us.
We have that
remembrance, just as we
have this cellular, unconscious
fear of cataclysmic events--
>>CLOW: That's right.
That's right.
>>REGINA: --whether
it's tsunamis,
whether it's a blackening sky.
>>CLOW: And fortunately, I
have a little piece of access
to that, which is
nine-dimensional consciousness.
Because with nine-dimensional
consciousness,
the heart is in the middle,
the fifth dimension.
And so throughout the
ages, since the cataclysms,
throughout the
last 12,000 years,
there have always been
enlightened teachers
on the planet who were
in touch with nine
dimensions of consciousness.
And so in my case,
I wrote a book
about that called "Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions,"
based on the Pleaidian agenda.
But we do have the ability
to get in touch with Eden
and get in touch with these
levels of consciousness.
And we do have the ability to
go beyond that moment of fear
and that moment of trauma.
And so where we are
right now is we're
stuck in our world,
the third dimension,
dealing with incredible fourth
dimensional polarization trauma
as these memories come forth.
But we must never forget
that we also have the ability
to go up to the fifth dimension
or the sixth dimension,
the level of the soul.
We have the ability to go to
higher dimensions right now.
And the Pleaidians
said, back in 1995,
that nine dimensions
of consciousness
would open within the human at
the end of the Mayan calendar.
And it actually has happened.
But because of it,
we're just flooded
with all these multi-layers
of consciousness.
And we don't know
what's going on.
Yeah.
And the hard thing about
writing "The Pleaidian
Agenda" and "The Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions" is you
don't need anything
beyond the heart.
But what goes on in these higher
levels is utterly fascinating.
So we are a strange species
where, on the one hand,
what we really need to
do is be in the heart.
But because we have human
intellectual consciousness,
we're fascinated by
these higher levels.
So my fascination kept
me going, but I could
have just stayed in the heart.
And so could you.
And so could Zeus.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
He could, too.
>>CLOW: (LAUGHING) Yeah, right.
>>REGINA: He absolutely could.
And so I interviewed someone
yesterday, Joan Walker,
and she did a live channeling.
And they were saying there
is a new influence coming in.
It's a new form of
light coming in now
if you can take advantage
and incorporate this and feel
it, understand it,
and work with it.
And there is this thing,
this impulse or frequency,
that is called love.
And it's not what
you think of as love.
It is this sustaining
form of light.
And we talked about
the quality of how that
feels inside the being in body.
There's nothing sentimental.
You can't objectify it.
It's like embodying light.
There's no way to
describe how it feels.
>>CLOW: Well, and see,
for me, that would
be the seventh
dimension coming in.
>>REGINA: That's
why I was asking.
>>CLOW: Yeah And we
really need to start
integrating these levels, which
is exactly what we're doing.
Because as soon as
you start integrating
the light levels of the seventh
dimension-- and what they do
is they quicken your body
and they quicken your mind
and, most importantly,
they deepen your hope.
And then, as you struggle with
the issue of why am I here,
which is really a
sixth-dimensional issue
of the soul, you're
already above
that fourth-dimensional zone.
And the
fourth-dimensional zone is
what's giving us all
the trouble because
of the issue of reptilian
interference and control.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's just kind of dive into
it because that's where we are,
all right?
So when we had our discussions,
the two conversations,
"Alchemy of Nine Dimensions,"
the oddest thing happened.
We forgot to talk about--
I forgot to even--
I think it was in
the script, even--
and this doesn't ever happen.
Between the two of us, we
simply dropped the ball
on the fourth dimension,
which is the one causing
all the problems.
So you came back
at another time,
and we focused on the
fourth dimension a bit more.
And I thought,
how weird is that,
that we would drop the
fourth, the middle,
dimension in all of this
out of the conversation.
But as you say, this is
one that is overseen by,
you said the Anunnaki.
It's the one in
"Catastrophobia,"
in "Awakening the
Planetary Mind."
This is the one that creates
the notions of conspiracy,
deep state, matrix, new
world order, end times.
So let's talk about the fourth
dimension and its expression
at this time of
those things people
have bought into
to such an extent,
it's creating hatred
between people.
>>CLOW: Yes, I know.
And for me, I guess the
best thing I could do now
is offer what I've
been experiencing.
And what I've been
experiencing is
we're in the middle
of such a heavy duty,
intense, fourth-dimensional
influence that that has caused
me to recognize more
and more and more
where it's really coming from.
And I'm moving more
in the direction
all the time of
reptilian influence.
And I haven't really
discussed that
very much because,
first of all, David Icke
did a great job on it and
all that kind of stuff.
But I'm finding that the
Anunnaki issue is just
kind of a subset of all of
that and that we're really
starting to see that we are
being heavily influenced
by this reptilian influence.
>>REGINA: Barbara, just let
me interject one thing here
because I want you to
explain this in detail.
>>CLOW: Sure.
>>REGINA: I'm in contact with
all these different people--
all these people that
channel, my own beings
that inform me and guide me--
and in each case, they
will not talk about that.
>>CLOW: Mm-hmm, interesting.
>>REGINA: And even
my own beings,
when I've asked about that--
I said, tell me about this
realm and these beings.
And they always, they
just say, there's
no need to discuss this.
And they won't talk about it.
So I ask other
people who channel,
and they basically
skirt around it,
and they won't talk about it.
So we're left here without
any kind of guidebook
to these influences
that every one of us
can feel coming through
our institutions,
coming through our media,
our political systems,
our pharmaceutical industries--
all of it.
We feel the influence
inculcated into all of it now.
Please explain this.
>>CLOW: Well, I'm glad you gave
that little listing of where
the influence is coming through.
Because I think, at
this point, we all
have had enough experience with
what the deep state is doing
or what the
pharmaceuticals are doing
or what the war machine
is doing or whatever
so that we really recognize at
this point that it is a force.
And so this is coming
through as a force.
And I suppose one of the
reasons that I'm really
comfortable talking about it is
I'm, actually, very galactic.
And having an extremely
galactic mindset,
I believe that everyone in
the universe plays a role.
And so I believe that the
reptilians are playing a role.
>>REGINA: So OK.
Now, let me ask you, the
reptilians, the cosmology
of what's happening right now--
so where we are in our own solar
system, so how the astrology's
playing out on Earth--
tell me the role and the
purpose and the opportunity
in these beings
influencing us in this way.
>>CLOW: These
beings are the cause
of fourth-dimensional
polarization, the split
of reality into dark and light.
And we are electromagnetic.
We are polarized beings.
And so these beings
are influencing us,
but they're basically
physical in this dimension.
There's issues with
them living underground,
which I think is probably true.
And there's issues of them
being in a non-physical
fourth-dimensional space.
So I think all of that's true.
But what they do for
us is they polarize us.
And that is just
part of being alive
and part of being an
electromagnetic being.
But unfortunately, they
have way, way, way too high
of an opinion of how
much influence they
should be having.
Looking at it from a
galactic point of view,
they have way
overreached the domain
that they have a right
to be involved in.
And if you get into galactic
politics and stuff like that,
you'll find that the reptilians
are included because everyone
is included in the discussion.
>>REGINA: But they don't
honor, quote, "the--
>>CLOW: Yeah, they're not
honoring boundaries and stuff
like that.
And they're interfering
in ways that are not
allowed in the third
dimension-- the ends justify
the means and all
that sort of stuff.
And so the ends don't
justify the means, period.
>>REGINA: No.
>>CLOW: And that's
something that we're living
out day by day right now.
That's third-dimensional law.
And so the reptilians
have overridden it.
But in my experience
with them, we've
come to the point where it's
time for them to let go.
>>REGINA: OK.
I need to ask you
a question there.
They're not playing fairly.
They're not playing
by, as you say,
cosmic rule, which is you don't
interfere like that, period.
>>CLOW: You're right.
Right
>>REGINA: And
they're interfering.
All the other beings
within our galactic society
are fully aware of what
they're doing here on Earth.
>>CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: They're
playing from the shadows.
It's a manipulative,
unfair game.
>>CLOW: Yep-- mind control.
>>REGINA: Mind control
coming from the shadow,
so you can't see it.
>>CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And I'm not down
with looking for saviors.
But at what point can
these beings be reined in?
Or what can we do to,
essentially, hold them,
push them out?
How do we get around
this horrible trap
that we've found ourselves in?
>>CLOW: Well, to
understand that,
we have to go back
2,000 years, and we
have to go back to the Archons.
Because what happened
2,000 years ago--
and this is probably
the most critical thing
that I could ever
explain or create with.
And my whole trilogy
is being created based
on the following concept--
that 2,000 years
ago, the Gnostics,
who were early followers
of Christ and Jesus,
and not only early followers.
There was a whole pile of
spiritual groups at that point
that were flowering.
>>REGINA: The Essenes?
>>CLOW: Yeah.
We were moving out
of the Age of Aries
into Pisces around 100 BC.
So the Gnostics
specialized in the Archons.
And I think what
happened to the Gnostics
is I think that they
just had Archons
appearing all over the place.
I think that they would
try to sit down and read
a book at night, and oh,
no, there's another one.
Because the Archons were really
trying to penetrate our reality
and take over our
reality at that point.
And so the Gnostics
taught, the basic teaching,
is that the new Christian
religion, the religion that
worked with Jesus, should
let go of the age of Aries
and let go of the issue
of Hebrew teachings.
It's not that the Hebrew
teachings were to go away.
It's just that Christianity
was a new religion and needed
to be founded on the
teachings of Jesus.
>>REGINA: There's a time for
everything in our development
as a species.
>>CLOW: Yes.
Right.
And so that is my really
big message right now.
Because now we're
going into Aquarius.
Now we're at the same point
that we were at 2,000 years ago,
where we need to let go of
the parts of the Age of Pisces
that are not going
to function for us.
And more critically
important, we
need to choose high
levels of Aquarius
versus low levels of Aquarius.
>>REGINA: First
of all, let's talk
about high and low
levels of Pisces,
and then we'll go into that.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So if we go back to
the age of Pisces,
the Christian teaching
that Jesus brought through,
and other teachers--
he's not the only one,
other teachers were
bringing this through, too--
but the key teaching that
he was bringing through
was we should let go of
the control of the Archons
and move into the heart.
And what he was
really saying was,
let's move out of the
fourth-dimensional control
into the
fifth-dimensional heart.
And if we could
do that, we would
have an age of love and
compassion for 2,000 years
up to now.
And we'd be in a very
different place, wouldn't we?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: And we could
have done that.
That's something that's
always important to realize
as you go into the past.
You can't change the past,
but we could have done that.
And so what kind of lesson are
we getting from that transition
point 2,000 years ago?
And so this is what I'm
working on in the trilogy.
My characters are
all struggling with,
what is the really important
meaning of Aquarius,
and how can we
develop and choose
higher levels of Aquarius?
And how can we release
negative Piscean?
>>REGINA: So talk
about the traits
of the higher and low
levels of Aquarius.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
This is where it's really tough.
Because I'm slugging my
way right through that
at the present moment.
But I'm using, maybe,
five, six, seven--
>>REGINA: Even
classical understandings
of high and low Aquarian traits.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
No.
Aquarius is ruled by
the planet Uranus.
And the planet Uranus
rules transformation
and radical levels of change
and deep levels of new creation.
It's letting go of the old
and bringing in the new.
And so when we move out
of Pisces into Aquarius,
we're at this kind of ultimate
precession point in terms
of precessional change.
And so at that point--
I guess the best example
that I could give--
I'm having to give
five to seven examples
of low Aquarius
versus high Aquarius--
so let's take
artificial intelligence.
Because right now, all
of us are struggling
with very, very
negative attributes
of artificial intelligence--
loss of social cohesion
and political influence
and interference, et cetera.
It's just absolutely horrendous
and, worse than that, just
making more and more
energy all the time
in order to run computers
and everybody sending photos
all over the place.
But meanwhile, cell towers
are catching the forests
on fire in California.
In other words, we're just
burning hot, hot energy.
And we've got to
find a way to work
with energy that is going to
be in harmony with the planet.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It's already here.
All we have to do is utilize
it and make it a priority.
>>CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And so what you're
saying is the development
of the AI, for example, and
its intrusion into our--
horrid, really, intrusion
into-- our lives
because now it's taken over
to an extent where it just
doesn't even care what
the end user thinks.
It's just going to shove
things in your face
you're not interested in.
It's going to ignore
your requests.
It has so much hubris,
it's become stupid.
>>CLOW: Yes.
I agree.
>>REGINA: So would you
say that that, too,
is still in the service of that
reptilian, fourth-dimension
energy?
>>CLOW: Yes.
The issue here,
the whole spectrum
of artificial intelligence
needs to be multi-dimensional.
Artificial intelligence
could access very high
dimensional consciousness.
And so we, as users of
artificial intelligence,
need to start discerning
what kind of level
we're going to be at.
And if you want to be
at a reptilian level
where you're under the
influence of total mind control,
just play with your
smartphone all day
and not use your smartphone
for what it could do,
which would be to take
you into many other zones
and many other realities.
So I can't emphasize
enough how much
what the individual is
doing right now matters.
>>REGINA: I totally
agree with you on that.
And let me just give
a couple of examples.
When you're talking
about what you
could be doing with
your smartphone,
there was an app I was
exposed to very recently,
and I haven't downloaded it yet.
What it does is it shows kind of
HeartMath like, in a HeartMath
sense, the field and where
emotions and thoughts
are rising on a global level.
So you can see where
consciousness is rising
and where consciousness
is falling like a living,
breathing view of the Earth.
But it's human consciousness.
Because they're
tapping in, they're
able to tap in now, through
various instrumentation
to the level of consciousness,
the level of fear,
versus peace or calm
that is happening
within a human and a
collective of humans.
There are other apps similar to
this-- not exactly like that--
that also serve, are
tapping into, and validating
the use of our
higher consciousness.
>>CLOW: Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: No one knows them.
No one knows
anything about these.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And so people need to
create those kind of apps,
and they need to use
those kind of apps.
And another one that's coming is
called the Blue Brain Project.
And what's going on with
the Blue Brain Project,
and I have been
following this as much
as I can because there's some
kind of informational shutdown
on this right now.
I don't know how much people
are going to be able to access.
>>REGINA: Tell us all about it.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So a group of scientists
have found a way to,
with huge computers, to map
the dimensional frequencies
of the human brain.
And they're doing this
by means of topology,
which I call rubber geometry.
It's a whole range
of mathematics
that has to do with all of the
different angles and shapes
that exist within mathematics.
And it's not something
I can explain here.
If you talked to
a topologist, you
wouldn't be able to figure
out what he was talking about.
But these topologists
have managed
to create images of the
different dimensions
of the human brain.
And the most important
news is that they
have been able to
make images of 11
dimensions in the human brain.
Now, this is
critically important.
Now, the Pleaidians said that
we humans can only access
nine dimensions at this time.
And so with the issue of 11
dimensions in the human brain,
we now know that our
brains are functioning
according to string theory.
Now, this means
that technologies
and artificial intelligence
can be developed
based on all of the
dimensions of string
theory and, therefore,
the human brain.
And this is a very good example
of the kind of direction
that we need to go into
with higher Aquarius.
>>REGINA: Still, it has to be
at the hand of human creativity.
>>CLOW: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: I mean, that's
the interesting part.
Looking at it in its
most afflicted way
is to supplant human
consciousness with something
that doesn't serve us.
And it takes the
humans to create
that, or the human-reptilian
collaboration to create.
>>CLOW: Or people
under mind control.
>>REGINA: Under mind
control to create that.
So at what point,
since this is all
a life and a game of illusion,
so to speak, or perception?
>>CLOW: Yeah.
This is where it goes
back to the individual
again is if we start developing
those higher states of mind
in our own consciousness.
And the reason I'm
writing the trilogy
is I'm actually trying to show
people doing that in order
to teach how that can be done.
Then the thing that's
critically important to realize
is the fourth-dimensional
mind control
can't take us over if we're
functioning at those higher
levels.
>>REGINA: It can't.
>>CLOW: As soon as we're in
the heart or in the logos--
the sixth dimension-- or in
the seventh-dimensional light
or in the mind of the divine
in the eighth dimension
or in the center of the
universe, the galaxy,
the reptilians can't
control us anymore.
We just move out
of their sphere.
>>REGINA: We move out
of that frequency band.
>>CLOW: And as I
said to you earlier,
as we go through this
crisis that we're
in the middle of
right now, I'm tuning
in to them more than usual.
I got a lot of criticism
in "Pleaidian Agenda"
for channeling
positive reptiles.
King Lizard was one
of my favorites.
But the reptiles
want to take a break.
Probably, they want to
take a permanent vacation.
They're tired of it.
And if we can just continue
this beautiful creativity
that we possess, it's unlimited
the levels that we could go to.
And so this goes back to this
issue of an extinction going on
right now.
What's happening
is we are living
through the extinction of
the fourth-dimensional mind
control.
We're living with an
extinction of the reptilians
having undue influence on us.
>>REGINA: That means
we're also living
through the extinction of
what we've come to embrace
is our own self-identity.
>>CLOW: Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: And we have to let
go of the perception of that.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So if you're a
person who identifies
with your elite bloodline
and your elite identity,
you might want to think
a little bit about what
you're identifying with.
And so, Regina, I'd like to
go to another example that's
going to be very hard
to discuss in public.
But as I come from my heart,
and as I come from my center,
it's something that I
feel I must speak about
as I've been working
on the trilogy
and also observing
what's going on.
And I'd like to introduce
some issues connected
with transgender.
And the reason I'd
like to bring that up
is because for people to
have difficulty understanding
their identity and to have
difficulty understanding
their gender from birth.
And it's just one of the most
difficult and painful issues
because people who
are struggling with it
are very, very
defensive about it.
Because it's just so private
and intense for them.
And so I would like to just
take this as an opportunity
to suggest what I would do
if I was struggling with this
or if my child was struggling
with it or something like that.
And I just have to
say that I think
it's critically
important for people
to insist on therapy,
particularly past life
regression.
If I had a child who was going
through a gender identification
issue, I would want them to
have some past life regression
therapy in order to experience
life in another gender.
Because if they were to
experience-- like in my case,
I've been incarnated as
a male almost exclusively
the last 5,000 years
because I couldn't
do what I need to do on this
planet as a female until now.
And so by going
back and exploring
all of these male lifetimes
where I had a lot of power,
I don't need male power.
I have female power.
And my male side is, of course,
very developed because of that.
So I just am kind of taking
this as an opportunity
because I think people are
really in crisis at this point.
Because I don't think
that the medical programs
that are assisting people
are helping people at all.
I think the first
choice needs to be
an exploration of
androgyny and exploration
of what it's like to
be the opposite sex.
>>REGINA: So the thing that
has kind of flummoxed me
when I look at the
phenomena of transgenderism
is that when we have
a soul contract, when
we choose an
incarnation or we choose
to incarnate within a
family or within a vehicle
that we can utilize
for the soul's purpose,
we know which sex our
physical body is at that time.
So how did it happen, suddenly,
where so many people ended up
in the wrong bodies?
Now, on a soul level,
that doesn't make sense.
Why would someone choose
the opposite kind of body
that their soul
contract required
and then have to go to the
extreme, and extremely painful
processes on many levels, of
trying to switch midstream?
That part I don't understand.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And I think a lot of people
don't understand that.
And I think there's a few
significant answers to that.
First of all,
unfortunately, it could
be hormones that are influencing
people through plastic.
And that's something that has
been explored by scientists.
And if that is the
case, there needs
to be a lot of work
done with that issue,
regarding plastics itself.
>>REGINA: So it's altering
our hormonal balance itself,
to where it's actually
identifying otherwise.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
Because I have no
doubt whatsoever
that people who were
dealing with this
are absolutely
sincere and deeply
feel the dilemma that
they're dealing with.
But the better answer
that I can offer,
since I can't get into the
issue of hormones and plastics--
I'm not an expert--
>>REGINA: I'm just
thinking, looking at it
from a soul level, why would
we choose the wrong body?
>>CLOW: I'm not an
expert in that at all.
Well, I think we haven't
chosen the wrong body.
I think what people are dealing
with who have this feeling--
many of them--
is Uranus-- back to the
issue of the Age of Aquarius.
And as we move into
Aquarius-- at this point,
it's been really heavy on
for about 30 or 40 years.
And now we're really
into it, at this point.
I'm an Aquarian.
My husband's an Aquarian.
And we Aquarians are
completely androgynous.
We're half male and half female.
If you get to know us, we're
just completely gender-free.
And so I think what's happening
is as Aquarius is coming in
strongly, there's a
great desire to be
gender-free for all of us.
>>REGINA: Now, that makes sense.
>>CLOW: And I think
what's happening right now
is the lower level of the
issue is what's manifesting.
>>REGINA: Which is trying
to change the physical body
to match the internal
desire for androgyny.
>>CLOW: That's right.
Right.
And as you know, some
people are hermaphroditic.
And some people
have issues-- not
this is not a real
thing for some people,
but it's an issue
of how many people.
And I think for those
who were born, clearly,
into a male or
female body, I think
that you've got to understand
that this Uranian influence is
causing you to want to
be the opposite sex.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>CLOW: And yet you can be both.
You can keep your
physical body as it is,
and you can have a completely
male presence in the world.
And you don't have to
do it with your hair
or your physical body.
You can do it with the
way you live your life
and the way you
choose what you do.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Because it's been
well established
you can love who you wish.
That's already well established
and accepted on the planet,
in most of the
Western world, anyway.
And so you can have that
experience on the heart
level, relationship-wise.
But to anatomically
change the body--
and the extra step, it
sounds like you're saying,
is not necessary to the
process of if I'm a female
and want to be a man, I
embrace the man inside me,
and I can live as a
man, make decisions
as a man, love someone
as a man would.
That's my right as a human.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
It's a good way to express it.
Yeah.
So I think these are two good
examples, one very emotional,
because transgender
is very emotional,
and then the issue of
artificial intelligence.
It's an issue of the Aquarian
Uranian influence, which
is just so intense for people.
And whenever we change an age,
which is what we're doing now,
it's just as intense now
as it was 2,000 years ago,
when we see people struggling
with that Archon influence.
Every time we go
through this, we
go into almost a
fourth-dimensional chaos,
you could say.
Because what explains the
fact that almost every country
in the world right now
is completely polarized?
It's not just the United States.
>>REGINA: No, no this is global.
>>CLOW: Everywhere.
And everybody in every country
is going, what happened?
We're all split in
two, and we used
to be able to work together.
We can't work together.
That's what happens when
you move into a new age.
And so if we go
back 10,000 years,
Regina, the precessional
teaching of moving from one age
to the other was a high
spiritual teaching.
And there were schools
of spiritual teachers
who taught people about
letting go of the old age
and how to adopt
the new frequencies.
And so 2,000 years ago,
unfortunately, the Archons
got their way.
And they continue to
influence way, way too
much into the age of Pisces.
They've influenced us way too
much the last 2,000 years.
>>REGINA: So they co-opted
our realms of perception
and then started shifting
and intentionally interfering
with the way our mind adopts.
>>CLOW: Well, I'll be
more clear about it.
Here's what they did.
They completely destroyed all
of the philosophical schools
that teach about precession.
>>REGINA: Very true.
>>CLOW: So they
destroyed the Stoics.
The main teachers 2,000
years ago about precession
were the Stoics.
And they destroyed the
Gnostics because they
knew that if people
wised up, so to speak,
understanding precession and
how to work with it consciously
is a very, very,
very wise teaching.
And so that's what my
trilogy is all about.
It's such a complicated
thing that the only way
I could imagine
describing it was
through a group of very,
very bright characters.
So I created a group of, really,
genius-level people to watch
what's happening right now--
basically, 2011 to 2020.
>>REGINA: And I've known you
through this whole journey.
And I've known what
it's taken from you
to have to get down and
live in that reality
to be able to express through
each of these characters.
And I know just a little
bit about where it's going.
But I certainly do
know where it's been,
and we've done interviews
on those books.
And this is coming to terms
with the darkest in our psyche.
Because it's happening
now in pop culture.
There's even an series,
a TV Showtime show
called "Ray Donovan,"
what you speak
of-- the influence
of the institutions,
of the Church, of the dark
arts, the fallen angels.
And all of this is speaking
to something in ourselves.
How do we gracefully,
compassionately hold
that part of our
collective psyche
that has succumbed
to such dark things?
>>CLOW: Well, first of all,
in the third dimension,
we all need to do anything
that any one of us can do,
such as issues of sexual
slavery or issues--
>>REGINA: To stop it.
>>CLOW: Stop it.
My whole trilogy--
>>REGINA: On the ground,
that's what we do.
>>CLOW: --the first book,
in particular, stop it.
The point is, as we let go
of that kind of influence
and that kind of
control, we need
to understand how it works.
We need to--
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm saying.
So let's talk about
that for a moment.
Because it's hard to hold that
with some kind of compassion
if we don't even understand
how it got there.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So that's called sleuthing.
The first issue is, in
the third dimension,
if you have a chance to
help somebody or give
money or change something,
you've got to do it.
You have to.
And I know I do, and
I know you do, too.
But then, the next level is
what's going on in our minds.
Now, our minds are
11-dimensional teleprompters.
And in our minds, when we
study what a person like,
let's say, Jeffrey
Epstein was doing,
when we take responsibility
for taking a cold, clear look
at what was going on there
and what happened with that--
and there's many,
many other examples,
that's just one example--
this is very
important in the world
that we're in now,
just by exploring
difficult, dark thoughts
and difficult, dark energy,
you are actually
changing things.
>>REGINA: By being willing
to take the wool off it
and look at it.
>>CLOW: Our minds.
Ours minds change reality.
The fact that millions
and millions of people
know what Jeffrey Epstein
was doing makes a difference.
>>REGINA: Yes, it does.
>>CLOW: It makes a
very big difference
to the young girls, who are
now women, who were abused.
What changes the abuse
factor, like, for example,
with somebody like Harvey
Weinstein, is enough
people just continue
to tell the truth.
And I've told the
truth about abuse
that I experienced
as a young child.
We have to continue to tell the
truth until this finally stops.
This is a key issue
going into Aquarius.
>>REGINA: And when you
go back to Epstein,
the primary procurer of the
girls was another woman.
And now, this is something that
I haven't ever really talked
with anyone about, but I think
maybe this is a conversation
to bring it up.
When we're looking at the darkly
afflicted aspects of self,
the shadow, I've seen a
prevalence of a situation
in which women, and young
women in particular,
who have moved out of the
traditional nuclear family with
a mother and father-- which
we've known for thousands
of years, and it had its own
affliction, certainly, a lot--
but we've moved away from that.
We're moving out of the
patriarchal paradigm.
We're consciously choosing to.
But the women, if you've
been dominantly incarnating
as a female, you've only
had certain survival tools
at your disposal--
manipulation, right?
that's a big one,
to operate in secrecy and in
the shadows, and to undermine
and such to be able to move
things in an unconscious way
to get what you want.
Because you couldn't
do it overtly.
You couldn't take
on power overtly.
So these are highly
developed skills
within the being
that has dominantly
incarnated as female.
And now that those restrictions
are being taken off and women
can stand up-- they can
become professional, doctors,
run for office, everything in
the third dimension that a man
can do, essentially,
women can do now--
there is a dark thing happening.
I am seeing it up close.
And as a result, other people
talk to me, come to me.
And I'm seeing it
everywhere where
these young women are taking
into life and partnerships
and not knowing
how to use energy
in a positive, powerful way,
and use extreme manipulation
and delusion and control
in their relationships
with other people, particularly
with men who have kind of been
raised by women.
>>CLOW: And see, this is
a very powerful statement
on your part.
Because what you've just
described is a waking up.
You wouldn't have probably been
able to make that statement
and describe that so
well 10 or 20 years ago.
>>REGINA: No, because I couldn't
see the phenomena so much.
>>CLOW: So what
we're talking about,
the things we're talking
about, have always gone on.
The difference--
well, let me say--
>>REGINA: But it was
operating under the surface.
>>CLOW: --this is
the last 5,000 years.
This is more the
patriarchal phase.
But now what's happening
is we're coming out
of the patriarchal phase.
What's happening is
the real exposure
of how this functions, works.
And so for a young woman who
would be inclined to manipulate
and use sexual power and
all that to get someplace,
she's not going to be as likely
to do that anymore now as she
would have 10 or 20 years ago.
She's seeing all
kinds of other ways
to be who she is without
having to revert back to those.
>>REGINA: That's half the story.
The other half is
the one who is not
seeing how to fully
empower oneself yet,
who is still using those but
in more overt ways than ever.
>>CLOW: Yeah, it's true.
Yeah.
Yeah, and this is what I
think is really shifting fast,
Regina.
I really do, as we
shift out of the control
of the nuclear family.
I think that there's
many more women every day
who might have taken
that option who now
get to see what happens to you.
See that's this exposure
of what has happened.
>>REGINA: That's the
glory side of it.
>>CLOW: The power of these
women coming forth and telling
their story and what
happened to them is just
such a critical piece.
And I've done it, and
other people have done it.
It's critically
important at this point.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
OK.
So thank you for sharing that.
Because I want to show the
high and the afflicted part.
Because there is an afflicted
part going on, and it's more
pronounced because you can.
>>CLOW: And then, also, let's
bring Uranus back into it
for a minute--
>>REGINA: Let's
bring it back, yeah.
>>CLOW: --going into Aquarius.
And Uranian energy
rules Kundalini energy.
The planet Uranus rules
Kundalini, which is something
that I wrote a book about.
But at any rate, Kundalini
energy is very sexual.
And so right now because of the
heavy duty influence of Uranus,
we're in a
hypersexualized field.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>CLOW: And as we move
more deeply into Aquarius,
Aquarius is also cool
and intellectual and
transformational.
>>REGINA: More
androgynous, as you say.
>>CLOW: Yeah, and androgynous.
Yeah, you'll see these
energies transform.
>>REGINA: Oh.
Thank you.
No one has actually
explained that.
>>CLOW: Well, there's
only one way to do it.
It's what each one of us is
doing in this act, basically.
>>REGINA: Yes.
[LAUGHING]
True.
So let's talk
about a little bit.
So again, because I'm trying to
bring forward the ways in which
we have succumbed to this
kind of mind control.
So we go back to a time of
the story of fallen angels.
And we talk about how the
cabal, the bloodlines,
have been able to use forbidden
or secret arts against humanity
instead of for humanity.
I want us to be
able to walk away
from this and
every single person
watching this say, oh,
I've been manipulated
in this way, this way, this way.
These are the mechanisms.
I can unplug from that.
>>CLOW: Mm-hmm.
I've been an astrologer for 40,
50 years, something like that.
And the last thing
anybody with any decency
would ever do is be an
astrologer, right, or be a palm
reader or whatever
you're going to do.
And what I've noticed
over the years
is the elite Cabal controllers
using astrology like crazy.
An astrologer can tell whether
a government is using astrology.
>>REGINA: And most of them do.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
Most of them do, right.
What we do as
astrologers, who watch
the timing of a particular
event that they create, the best
example being the invasion of
Iraq at the spring equinox in,
I think, it was 2003, where
Bush planned the whole invasion
right at the spring equinox,
which is the most powerful time
to create a new paradigm.
So we watch to see when
they create things,
and then we know
they use astrologers.
Reagan had 12 astrologers.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and they
were famous for that.
>>CLOW: People thought
he had only three.
He had 12 astrologers, OK?
So at this point, OK, we
know they use astrologers.
So why are they acting like
every astrologer out there
is an idiot?
So what they do is they
put down the magical arts
that they're using to
control the planet to keep us
from using them ourselves.
>>REGINA: For tools
for our own growth.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
These are our tools.
We need divination.
We need astrology.
We need channeling.
We need all of these things.
And we need to understand that
if the elite can't control
those things anymore,
if we take them back,
then our reality again
is going to shift.
>>REGINA: That is changing
pretty dramatically.
I mean, otherwise,
Gaia wouldn't exist.
It would have no traction.
It would have no membership.
And so it is changing.
And yet, at the
same time, to me,
it's still galling to
see the mainstream media,
that these things are put
down as jokes, essentially,
as infantile instruments of
wish, a world of wishing.
>>CLOW: And the best example
is the fall of Atlantis.
Speaking of what we're talking
about today and the cataclysm.
The whole cataclysmic issue is
actually the fall of Atlantis.
And so what has happened
for the last 150 years
is if you were a historian,
paleontologist, archaeologist,
or whatever, who even mentioned
the word Atlantis, even
though we've got the Atlantic
Ocean, et cetera, that was it.
It was the end of your career.
And so that is what has kept
us from remembering our story.
By continuing to make
it look like anybody
who talked about
Atlantis was an idiot,
that kept people, for 150
years, away from the fact
that Atlantis was destroyed
and Atlantis ended,
which may be a cycle, or it
may be an actual destruction.
It's not really clear.
And so we lost our story.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And we lost our understanding
of the higher arts,
for the most part,
except for the few.
And then the good
thing in all this
is Freddy Silva wrote in
his book called "The Missing
Lands," he speaks about the ones
called the Shining Ones, which,
at the end of a devastation,
all these different indigenous
cultures refer to
them, essentially,
in one way or another, leading
back to the term of the Shining
Ones, the illuminated ones.
The knowledge does survive,
and the knowledge is reseeded,
and the knowledge from Atlantis
went in many directions
to reseed into the Yucatan,
into the British Isles,
southern Europe, Africa,
the west coast of Africa
and even arguably
the Americas, right?
So this knowledge was
reseeded all over the planet,
the understanding of
what we ultimately lost
of the higher arts, of
agriculture, and so forth.
So it doesn't all die.
There are those who come
to reseed knowledge.
But does it have to
go down at all again?
>>CLOW: Well, for me,
the Shining Ones--
and I'm curious to see
what you think about this,
actually-- but for me, they
are eighth-dimensional beings.
And they're very, very tall.
>>REGINA: Yes, they
are noted as taller.
>>CLOW: And they do shine.
They do shine.
>>REGINA: And their
eyes are different,
and their eyes shine.
>>CLOW: And the best
descriptions I've read of them
in some literature is,
like, in Iranian literature
and Enochian--
the issue of the Book of Enoch.
And so they do appear.
And they're, actually,
in the eighth dimension,
as far as I can tell.
>>REGINA: OK, interesting.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And they appear periodically
to different cultures.
Different cultures have
a very long lineage
of teaching about
the Shining Ones.
And I think you
went to Sardinia--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: --and picked up
some information about that.
>>REGINA: Because I was
intrigued with the Shining
Ones.
>>CLOW: I'm curious
what you picked up.
>>REGINA: Well,
it was interesting
because I went into
each of the caves
and did a private
meditation after we
were done shooting,
or sometimes before,
and just tried to tap
into what was going on.
And there were several
viewings I had.
But the one that I thought
was the most interesting,
we were in the Nuraghi,
the beehive type
of beautiful structure
that Freddy Silva, I think,
calculated to be roughly
9,500 years old or so.
And as I was in there
by myself meditating,
what I saw is the lore is
that these giant people built
these for themselves.
This is all for them.
These are their places,
where they did their thing.
And that's not what I saw.
I saw that these
illuminated beings
had gone to this
devastated region
and, among the people
that were there,
they would choose the
ones that had the highest
mind, the highest potential.
And they would train
them into the arts,
for example, of seeing so that
they had knowledge of what
was to come, so that
they had the ability
to see around the corner out
at sea or see into the future
and to know.
And so these edifices were
to train the local people
in these sacred spaces
to bring this knowledge
to their own people and help
their own cultures flourish
before they moved on and
would do this elsewhere
when needed again.
>>CLOW: And see, this is
just fascinating to me.
Because you mentioned
that Freddy Silva thinks
it's, like, 9,500 years old.
And you just cued
me into something
that I hadn't put
together, really.
I think these are the beings who
came back after the cataclysms.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: Probably from,
like, 11,000 years ago--
>>REGINA: That's what I think.
>>CLOW: --7,000,
8,000 years ago.
And they manifested from
very high dimensions, which,
by the way, is very hard to do.
It's hard to manifest
from a high dimension.
>>REGINA: Yes, into a lower one.
>>CLOW: You have to
really love the person
that you're assisting.
And so I think
what you picked up
on there was that they were
actually helping people
in the Sardinian region--
>>REGINA: Yes, and I think
this is what happens all over.
>>CLOW: --in one of
those structures.
It's fascinating.
>>REGINA: And that
when they reseed,
they're there to teach and to
help grow, not to dominate,
live alongside, but to
help educate and enlighten
the local people that
already have it in them
but have forgotten.
>>CLOW: Mm-hmm.
And then, I brought
them in one time.
I was doing a
nine-dimensional activation
in the forest in New
Hampshire with a group
of a couple of hundred people.
And so we awakened
nine dimensions.
This is about 20 years ago now.
And the whole forest
filled with beings--
tall beings of light that
were taller than the trees.
They must have
been 100 feet tall.
And we all could see them.
And they just manifested
for just a little
while for us to somehow tell
us that what we were doing
was good, connected to them.
>>REGINA: This world
is so much more
magnificent than we give
ourselves and this planet
credit for.
All of this is here.
All of this is possible.
But it really requires our
taking back our own higher
heart, as Zeus calls it,
our own higher minds,
and engaging in life
in a positive way
to literally construct
this new reality.
We're going to have
to do it together.
And it starts with us.
And Barbara, we are out of time.
And we could continue-- we
didn't get to most of this.
We're going to have our next
discussion if not before
but certainly when the third
of the trilogy of the books
comes out.
Because what you're
living right now,
embodying, and working up
toward, is fascinating.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
Well, thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>CLOW: Thank you.
>>REGINA: You can find Barbara's
book, "Awakening the Planetary
Mind," all of her other books,
as well, and the trilogy series
at the major booksellers.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]